Where is the evidence?
Hospital.
It is well-known
that Cuixin Lake
is the main route to the Imperial Kitchen for Lord Zhongcui.
On the night of the incident,
Consort Yan
went to the Imperial Kitchen and requested a bowl of silver fungus and lotus seed porridge.
I was hungry,
so I had someone from the Imperial Kitchen bring it to me.
Is there a problem with that?
Besides, you know
that it says here 3 grams of food.
At that time,
Consort Zhou's body had already been discovered by you, right?
But before that,
Consort Yan requested the silver fungus and lotus seed porridge.
It would have been sent to the Imperial Kitchen.
So the time before it matches the time of the incident.
Your Majesty,
I found bloodstains on the plants by the lake.
They should be left by the culprit.
Let’s check them out.
Master Li, bring some water.
Eunuch Ruofeng, please.
It has melted, it has melted.
It really melted.
Don’t even think about escaping.
That mastermind was someone I used to be close with before.
He used the money I lent him to attack the consort.
I was forced to kill him.
You, you...
How could you betray me
and commit such a heinous act?
I trusted you wholeheartedly.
It’s all my fault.
I deserve to die.
Your Highness, I am deeply ashamed of my failure.
If there is a next life,
I will repay you by being a loyal servant.
Ah, stop him!
He’s dead, drag him away.
Someone!
Your Majesty, it’s all my fault.
Please punish me.